So Lin Kexin
It was also arranged by you.
Yes, I understand.
The weird people I met
In fact, it has something to do with you step by step
Since the book is written
You can have the identity of the third master
So one more Hyun Young helps a lot
Take care of everything
What kind of ancient poison did you encounter?
In fact, they are all the cases I left behind
I originally thought that when I was short of money, I went to change it.
But didn't you learn Wuji a little bit?
Leave them to you.
It is also a must for waste
Uncle Chen said a little bit about Wuji
It seems that the cause of all this
It's all because of Wuji
Yes, I just want to see it.
Xiao Wuji passed on to you a little Wuji
How is it different from mine?
What's different from that person's?
It turns out that you will also be more infinite
No wonder.
You can't see through it at a glance
But what I'm curious about is
Who is that guy?
It's your dad
How's your dad?
You say yes, that's it, right?
So my dad understands
It's not a question of understanding what you don't understand
Even the infinity created by Minor Five
This is the way to the road
He's not as deep as your father
It's just that
You obviously look alike
But nothing like it
If your father were like you
Won't die so soon
So my dad
You killed it too.